Adam Vallejos: No.
Adam Vallejos: I'm sorry, I have been. I didn't even have that setup. They told me I remember you told me they have that little setup with the bone in two things on the side, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. We're going to do it right now. So go look around your room stack up either some books or boxes so that when you stack it up. That's your cameras sitting
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm kind of I level with you. So it's just take your time and do that while you're doing that. I'll go open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so put your arms out about arm's length.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go. Beautiful. I know I got it. Excellent. And then what you want to do is try and find let's say a couple of candle holders or
Gwenevere Abriel: Like little cups things that you can put the right next to it that are, you know, maybe they could be the same heights of your phone or maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A little higher, and just put them right next to your phone. So there'll be a shoulder width apart and they'll be out about arm's distance right on the outside, left and right.
Adam Vallejos: Of your device cups. Yeah, that could work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to have your glasses on. I can't remember if you're nearsighted or farsighted.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah.
Adam Vallejos: Thing with
Adam Vallejos: The coronavirus order.
Adam Vallejos: That's what I had put my schedule for my dad's
Adam Vallejos: My dad's thing on hold because we're supposed to have it this weekend and then they have canceled it and then
Adam Vallejos: They weren't going to let us do it until like that. Like it was gonna be like weeks, but then they call my mom and said, if you wanted to do it yesterday. Then we could do it, but we couldn't have more than like 100 people who would ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so was a last minute scheduling.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing around that.
Adam Vallejos: Because I guess the last
Adam Vallejos: Last goodbye. The last thing we had to do for you. I thought his
Adam Vallejos: Okay, she cremated him or whatever. So I got like this little thing.
Adam Vallejos: With his own his ashes in it and then
Adam Vallejos: Yeah.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah, I just couldn't learn and then
Adam Vallejos: Just everything else and says these last two days or
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice you're feeling supported by other family and friends yesterday. Does it feel like people were coming together and you felt connection with other people.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah, I did. There's
Adam Vallejos: There's a lot of support there that people that were just yeah brand that really didn't even
Adam Vallejos: Know him that well because like he's been in prison for the last, like, seven, eight years or whatever and then
Adam Vallejos: He saw like it was just some like my mom's friends, I guess, showed up there in alleys supported her, I guess, but
Adam Vallejos: That's cool.
Adam Vallejos: I like that too because she made in my support right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what about you, did you feel like you are able to have conversations with people that you weren't having before I mean I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me, tell me someone maybe you got to talk to that was
Adam Vallejos: My uncle.
Adam Vallejos: My uncle. That's why I guess like she always better when they're together and stuff. And she's, she's a nice person. And she's, she's a good person. She
Adam Vallejos: Haven't seen for a long time and she just she was there.
Adam Vallejos: She talked to me and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any men. I know men male, male role ballers most role models have kind of been a challenge in your life. Were there any men do that you were able to talk to you.
Adam Vallejos: More in the, I mean, not really.
Adam Vallejos: All the men in my family are all
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people will find sort of that real male role models through through fellowship anytime that you've ever gone to any meetings through maybe the church or in your community. If you ever heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: A man that you kind of respected someone that seemed admirable that maybe you had a passing thought of walking up to and saying, Hey, you know, said ever happened where you you've seen someone you kind of admired a respected and didn't go up to them, but you at least thought about it.
Adam Vallejos: No.
No.
Adam Vallejos: I guess the only question would be,
Adam Vallejos: Is
Adam Vallejos: Is it my mother, my kid, Jennifer, her father.
Adam Vallejos: Her father has been there, like, because
Adam Vallejos: Like I said, I mean here have been
Adam Vallejos: Together for like 14 years or whatever. So he he was kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: What's respectable about him. From your perspective, not what I would assess. But what do you admire about him.
Adam Vallejos: This
Adam Vallejos: Year has always just been there, he just tells you how it is, you
Adam Vallejos: Know he's just
Adam Vallejos: He's just gonna die.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Adam Vallejos: I'll just tell you how
Adam Vallejos: How it is you want
Adam Vallejos: You want to lie about it, just to make you feel good or whatever, if it's gonna hurt you. He'll tell you either way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever said something to you that was direct
Adam Vallejos: I really like just about
Adam Vallejos: When we were doing bad and using
Adam Vallejos: You just told me
Adam Vallejos: He loves it.
Adam Vallejos: But
Adam Vallejos: If I still want to be doing more than that. I need
Adam Vallejos: grandkids to my kids just telling me I better
Adam Vallejos: Get my shit together, cuz I
Adam Vallejos: That's his, his daughter. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it like
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear it direct because you described in your childhood grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spoiled you in it as a word you used,
Gwenevere Abriel: This man's not trying to protect you. Right. He told you get your shit together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that like to hear it. So Frank and direct
Adam Vallejos: No, no, I didn't like her. It really like I was kind of like I guess kind of who you were just
Adam Vallejos: Gonna just kind of felt good, actually, because it was like, I know like I already knew that. Like of course I knew that ship but man.
Adam Vallejos: It was
Adam Vallejos: I don't know, because it was just like he's telling me.
Adam Vallejos: Just felt
Adam Vallejos: This good, I guess.
Okay.
Adam Vallejos: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no that wasn't wishy washy right it was
Gwenevere Abriel: That was he going to pull something back like financial support residential support if you didn't get it together. Did he say if you don't, then this is what's going to happen.
Adam Vallejos: Like I guess he just said because him and
Adam Vallejos: And her mom. His wife or whatever they
Adam Vallejos: Were helping us
Adam Vallejos: Like financially a lot like
Adam Vallejos: A lot of love and
Adam Vallejos: And that's what he said like that he
Adam Vallejos: He
Adam Vallejos: Would
Adam Vallejos: Just stop.
Adam Vallejos: Helping us with the
Adam Vallejos: Money and
Adam Vallejos: He wasn't gonna because he would send his wife over here to
Adam Vallejos: To give us money. Whenever we would ask
Adam Vallejos: And they know it was for and they're not stupid or whatever they knew it was
Adam Vallejos: Because we were sick or something.
Adam Vallejos: And he just said if you can't put together. We're gonna
Adam Vallejos: We can't help you anymore. It's getting harder on us, and they're getting older and they have their own problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he follow through with that and Paul the support when you continue using
Adam Vallejos: He did they did yeah for a while and then
Adam Vallejos: He had seen that
Adam Vallejos: That we were trying that we were getting into she had got into like it's a bunch of them. And I had
Adam Vallejos: Like little job being like the side of being that wasn't really sure.
Adam Vallejos: He just, I guess, you know, we're trying and then
Adam Vallejos: We did all right for we didn't ask him. Appreciate like couple months and then
Adam Vallejos: Fill up again because this was about like
Adam Vallejos: It was about, like, three years ago or something and then
Adam Vallejos: He
Adam Vallejos: And then they and then even though
Adam Vallejos: The mom would help us like behind his back sometimes
Adam Vallejos: It was her daughter her daughter and
Adam Vallejos: She would
Adam Vallejos: Then up he stopped for a couple months because you've seen that
Adam Vallejos: And then when we fell off again. He was like there. I see me going to try and over no tired because he
Adam Vallejos: He had he was a heroin addict to couple years.
Adam Vallejos: He had stopped and he's on the Suboxone
Adam Vallejos: So he knows how it is going
Gwenevere Abriel: To do you not know any men who are not drug users.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy shit, Adam.
Adam Vallejos: I don't know how you say that
Adam Vallejos: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about it, right. That's just, like, how is that happening.
Adam Vallejos: Every
Adam Vallejos: Everybody
Adam Vallejos: Every Male Yeah.
Adam Vallejos: Some kind of really
Adam Vallejos: Mostly is heroin or men, that's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's shift gears for a minute. I mean, yes, it's on my mind it's incredibly unfortunate your, your environment has
Gwenevere Abriel: Has given you so few opportunities to see that there's a way to kind of move through your life as a man without this substance or or criminal life or any of that stuff, you know that there's another way to go about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's focus on what you're doing. Okay. Because I think you want to be that man. I think there's a part of you that wants that, at least for your children to be that for them. So you can change future generations.
Gwenevere Abriel: So some of the things you've test yourself with doing you've been able to accomplish, even under incredible adversity and now we have an additional economic
Gwenevere Abriel: Pressure with what's going on in our economy. And we also have this. I think it's secondary to what's going on with this this global virus that's going on with the coronavirus so there's additional pressures and we're all feeling that doesn't matter what your socio economic statuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all feeling it. Right. It doesn't everyone feels this so
Gwenevere Abriel: But life goes on. We, you know, we sort of measure how do we adapt. You've had this recent loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you also have this blessing of having more time with your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's complicated. Some of its positive some of its negative
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are looking around and I you may have put a pin in it not have wanted to go out in the community and do a job search
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you put some of the job plans on hold while you kind of take care of your mom's feelings and taking care of kids while their home. You put a
Adam Vallejos: Yeah, I guess so, yeah, I have really ever really been even
Adam Vallejos: Okay, I've been doing nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Adam Vallejos: I don't, I don't even think anybody will call it pre interview right now because everything that's going on in
Gwenevere Abriel: There. Well, you don't you don't know that what you don't know is if they need people to stop. You don't know. I mean there. We still have to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, there's certain things that don't change. We're still going to go out and we're going to, we're going to order things maybe there'll be more online. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we still eat, you know, we're still consumers. We still have to get products.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not all become farmers, all of a sudden, because we don't have land to do it. We don't have seeds. We don't have the infrastructure. To do that, we still have to go to Target. We still have to go to Walmart and and your equivalent of a Publix out here. We still have to shop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we put gas in our car. So you say that, but that doesn't mean maybe places like the Dollar Store. Maybe the, the, maybe it would do better. I mean, you know, because if
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know and don't I would invite you, not to get ahead of it and go find out in real time what people might be hiring for
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, just wanted to check on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now has the grief hit you. Yet, or is it still like okay I still kind of the impact of this is still feels pretty distant
Adam Vallejos: I don't know, I just
Adam Vallejos: Really
A little bit yesterday.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah, I don't know, it's, I have, I don't know, it's weird how I just hold
Adam Vallejos: Hold a lot of things in and I'm like, cool.
Adam Vallejos: Numbers that one. I'm like alone.
Adam Vallejos: But I haven't really been alone. So it's kind of
Adam Vallejos: Like when I'm not thinking about it, I, I'm thinking about other things. So, because if there's people here with the
Adam Vallejos: Only time. I really like tried all crazy was for his viewing or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes sense. Other people were probably crying as well.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about how your kids are doing
Adam Vallejos: They're doing
Adam Vallejos: Their oldest son, of course, happy, there's no school for like three weeks.
Adam Vallejos: So,
Adam Vallejos: They're doing right than
Adam Vallejos: They did when we went to do his thing. Yesterday was
Adam Vallejos: I think they cry tears because of his body because of the viewing internet. I mean, they're not in ever seen a dead body or and
Adam Vallejos: That's where the Christ. So yesterday, wondering when they just were asking questions like a thought he was gonna be there and stuff.
Adam Vallejos: And to tell him that he was in that the vase or it over the thing
Adam Vallejos: And then, yeah, but then they were there right and
Adam Vallejos: They've been good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Adam, what would it be like and and don't feel like you have to say yes, I just want to ask you, um, I have someone in this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's been here for a little while and
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of what he is doing is wanting to give back to the community.
Gwenevere Abriel: And He very much wants to be what's like a peer support, where he can talk with people like you who are kind of working on their recovery. He's not a clinician, he's not someone like me. He's a client.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he said, a part of the phase that he's in his recovery is he wants to give back. He wants to talk with people. He wants to share his stories of success, you know, things that have kind of work for him and kind of connect with people that are going through similar struggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's mentioned to me many, many times that she wants to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A bright heart health initially was going to create this whole peer support program. I think they were going to do a proper training around it and create this whole like entity, where
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it could be like, Okay, well, here's your peer support person they're going to kind of someone you could call like literally you know when was my group again. And what am I supposed to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it just, it fell apart like it didn't happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I think there's still a real need for
Gwenevere Abriel: It not only in that early recovery, because we can't remember how to login to zoom or
Gwenevere Abriel: All these appointments. What, what, you know, it's like labs, go to what you know it's a lot up front. Not only that, but right now for you, like what you're going through right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or what you went through with with, you know, your baby mama and see why EFT and now with with the grief response and the temptation of wanting to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, to, I want to go us again to I want to do with the men in my life have always done so it's it's not just joining into the program and learning procedures. It's also about being able to talk to someone. And the reason why I'm thinking of this man is because he he's a male
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know him very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think it would be a great fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you guys have a match out on personality, you know, yours is kind of kind of low key. You know, I'm kind of hyper and high energy kind of thing and you're kind of low key. I think it would be a good, a good match.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he would feel good, giving meaning creating time to talk. There's some specifics to his story that that's not my story to tell. He would want to either tell them or not. Tell them to sing with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: tell the stories, whatever mean this concept of think of it like you ever heard of a sponsor in an A or a
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. It'd be like that where you could talk about whatever you want it to. But there's no limitations, meaning you guys could go have dinner together. You guys could drive in the same car. You can't do that with your therapist. Nevermind that I'm in Florida.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but it's unethical to do that with with your, with your therapist and
Gwenevere Abriel: There's really just not quite the same structural rules with peer support, you guys can spend time together, talking about what's going on and also be meeting in person out in the community. So it's a really different kind of relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: just me talking about it. Does it seem like, Oh, that's too weird. No, no, no, no. Or Hmm, wonder what that would be like, like, What's your first impression of this peer support idea.
Adam Vallejos: Kind of like, yeah, I would like to see how it would go, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So, um, if you like this idea. What I'd like to do, and I've done this with with other clients is I start with this kind of conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it moves to a consent form because you're you'd be sharing your personal information with this other person this other person would need to consent.
Gwenevere Abriel: To you. So you'd both be consenting to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'd be out of the loop you guys would take it from there. And I'm just like you decided to say hey I connected with someone. So that's your business, but you could never talk about it to me again if you wanted to, but I'd be out of it.
Adam Vallejos: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're open to that, then what I can do is
Gwenevere Abriel: I can have. You remember you've signed releases of information, maybe for your mom or someone like that Monday first started
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'll do is I'll talk to this person and I'll say, are you interested in doing this, I won't say your name yet for so I'll just ask. And if he says as he always does. Yes. Then I'm going to kind of give you his name and then you can
Gwenevere Abriel: sign the release, if you want to. And that means that you guys can talk to each other and kind of I can get out of the loop.
Adam Vallejos: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, like, Hey, here's my number. Hey, here's mine. What's up, and you can be like, Yeah, this is weird and
Gwenevere Abriel: But he would take the lead you wouldn't have to be the one to do it. He'd be like, Hey, you know, how's it going, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how long you been in the program. My guess is he would do is just like a hi how you doing kind of conversation. And then you guys would take it from there. And if you click that made sense. Maybe after a couple of times.
Gwenevere Abriel: He could be a resource for you when you're in distress, you're scared, you're sad or you just you want to talk to somebody about what you're going through on the fly, then he's someone you could reach out to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you do
Adam Vallejos: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Then all I'll see if I can get away for you to get connected. For us, it's going to start with probably want to look in your email for a link for the release of information. Okay. Okay. Cool. And I'll and I'll talk with him about whether he's up for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And his the context of his life changes here and there, too. So that's kind of neat. Well, I'm, I'm excited for I'm glad you're open to that that can be pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, especially around that that male role model thing. It makes me think, boy, it'd be nice to have have a connection to hear, hear the male perspective.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah. Okay. Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on with the dynamics between you and your mom. These days, you're living together. I know she was she's really this is hidden hurt very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is she doing
Adam Vallejos: He's been okay
Adam Vallejos: She's been good actually. She went back to work and stuff and
Adam Vallejos: She'd been
Adam Vallejos: A little brother. It's kind of taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember that. And when you say taking it hard. What is he doing that makes you think he's taking it hard.
Adam Vallejos: To look at the house. It's little bit because here. He has my boys like they're always playing together and the work
Adam Vallejos: On
Adam Vallejos: It was more I guess like as soon as everybody, I guess, or anybody would just like
Adam Vallejos: It when we were like at the at the viewing or whatever in my aunt was trying to tell him.
Adam Vallejos: Because he wanted his, his that to be like smiling or whatever.
Adam Vallejos: But
Adam Vallejos: My auntie, my aunt Kathy was just trying to like tell them how and what how it is, you know, I mean, but, and he just got like
Adam Vallejos: He got upset with her and he hasn't since that day. He hasn't like talk to her.
Adam Vallejos: Because yesterday she was like trying to like give them a hug and stuff. And he was just like pushing her away. So I didn't know he just
Adam Vallejos: He just got mad at her.
Adam Vallejos: Because she wasn't like talking shit about her is data nothing but huge is she was just saying, and then like he's very well be that like says something that he don't like about him, he's just taking
Adam Vallejos: More crazy and just
Adam Vallejos: Been
Adam Vallejos: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a little defensive. He's not seeking affection from people. He's not able to kind of talk with people about both negative things about him and the dad, as well as positive things like he can't tolerate anything negative and no negative stories that right
Adam Vallejos: Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. And you don't
Adam Vallejos: Yeah, pretty much set. Yeah, he just
Adam Vallejos: Been
Adam Vallejos: I don't think he has, like, because he hasn't already. They're going to step for like the viewing or whatever. That's pretty much everybody whether
Adam Vallejos: You see him or whatever but
Adam Vallejos: He hasn't really like
Adam Vallejos: Talked about how he's feeling he, I think he holds everything in to like I do like
Adam Vallejos: You don't talk about it.
Adam Vallejos: And I think one day he just gonna just gonna burst and start
Adam Vallejos: Going crazy
Adam Vallejos: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't think, I mean, so you know when we're grieving. We're supposed to cry. We're supposed to feel sad that actually is not
Gwenevere Abriel: Depression, that's not a clinical depression, will we cry that shows that we cared about someone and we recognize the loss in our life that we're losing someone nearby that we love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's multiple grief for you right it's multiple it's attached to. I had missing big pieces of of having a father. Now, this, this one that I just really getting to know like there's multiple levels of grief. So it's not just, I just lost him to death but
Gwenevere Abriel: There's probably going to be layers of I never had one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I mean, this is this is multi layered
Gwenevere Abriel: But crying fits
Gwenevere Abriel: It's when we, you know, it goes on for days and we can't get out of bed and we're neglecting responsibilities with our children and we're not eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it gets into that. That's what we're, you know, and the duration that that goes on. That's where we're getting into depression and like you said what he does is he acts out in anger. Instead of feeling the feelings were kind of supposed to grief is sadness. We cry, we miss them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're seeing in him. He may not cry instead Hill, maybe get violent or he might do something in the community, where he, what do you think he might get himself in in jail. Eventually, with his acting out
Adam Vallejos: I don't think like that. He's a good kid. He's
Adam Vallejos: I think he's good. He is not like he's not really violent either this more as just like
Adam Vallejos: Like he'll just go and
Adam Vallejos: Like, just go in his room or something and just
Adam Vallejos: Put like just like everybody else and be themselves.
Adam Vallejos: For a while and but he's not like violent. He's not violent
Adam Vallejos: He's just
Adam Vallejos: I don't know how to put it. He is just like
Adam Vallejos: He is just pretty much like I was he just sold everything in one and if it nothing if anything bothering him, then you'll just
Adam Vallejos: Go and go in his room and close the grumpy by himself until he feels better. What did I remember I used to doing. And I would just want to be with myself. Even if somebody was trying to talk to me and like
Adam Vallejos: For me, or whatever.
Adam Vallejos: I would just not want to hear it until you're ready and
Gwenevere Abriel: So Adam
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one thing to choose to isolate. It's another one to have to. So the fact that, like, let's say you decide to reach out to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every day. Every other day every three days, something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we know there is someone there that cares. It feels very different than isolating and thinking there's no one there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So you may think you're reaching out to him as a waste of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But think about it for you to yes you might like to go into your own quiet to process the feelings, maybe to have a crime spell.
Gwenevere Abriel: To let it out.
Adam Vallejos: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Your knowing that someone's they're interested in cares and it's checking in on you. Isn't that still important.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah.
Adam Vallejos: What memory and I would do that.
Adam Vallejos: Sometimes there would be nobody that would come and check or whatever out like when I would go do that. And then it would make me feel some type of way. But when somebody would
Adam Vallejos: Come in and try to still be there and talk to you. This would make you feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is suffering is one thing I'm taking a look at my actions or my actions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel remorse or with great fits. I missed this person and I have this sense of loss is one thing to suffer and a whole other nother level to suffer alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're wired to know that we're connected to other people. So even though you may say yourself. Oh, he's like me. He likes to be alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember how good it feels to know that someone cares I would invite you to check in and say, Hey, I'm here whenever you want to kind of hang just thinking about. I wonder if you and I are the same kind of like to do her own thing, quietly, but I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just even giving that to him can reinforce the, you're not alone either. So it's not only helping him it bounces back and gives back to you too. I highly invite you to continue that connection. Okay.
Adam Vallejos: Good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't get defensive, you already know. He gets he uses anger to protect his, his vulnerability and his sad, the sadness. So don't don't get yourself offended by it, it won't be about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's his file. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. And you never know. You know, he could be one of the first people where you're modeling what it's like to process through grief versus trying to jump over it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we jump over it by acting out angry, we can jump over it by using drugs, we can jump over it by doing any number of compulsive behaviors overworking right we can overdo anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over eating over sex over gambling. Over. Over. Over. We can leap over the grief and try and bypass it but that grief will still be there if we don't go through it, which means crying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean I don't literally mean without the tears. We can't grieve. I just mean we sit with it. And like I was saying we sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: On what am I going to miss most about him. What do I wish, I wish. She was here more. I wish she wasn't locked up for some of these years out of that and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we feel our own feelings and not try and skip it, they'll still be there waiting for you wait for you to move move through them.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't do they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit there in our psyche. We need to get processed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's um now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get into
Gwenevere Abriel: With we have this doctor all women who has been out. I think for two weeks. He's on vacation. So Dr. Ralph has taken on all of his clients and she's had a lot more groups and prescriptions and so it's it's more than one person can really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm right now I'm in this program called slack and I'm going to write her
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next individual therapy will schedule that one but your next group is next Tuesday. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I did touch base with her got a little confusing, but her records show that she's I can look in there myself. I don't I do that, let me just go in here, education,
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been at to film so 16 milligrams as of there's a prescription for March 11 and there's one for March 17 which was yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there was some confusion. I don't know how it went. I don't really have time to get into it, but we'll stay here. Okay, we'll stay at the 16
Gwenevere Abriel: will explore tapering when everything's kind of settled in a little bit more but for now be okay with that. I mean, you're welcome to taper one milligram at a time. If you decide to do that but I prefer you be in close connection with the physician if you do that.
Adam Vallejos: Yeah, when
Adam Vallejos: You have to to those 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll do that for now we'll take a little look at it another time. So I'm gonna go back in and in here and let me just send her a quick message. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can order it. She's probably up so she should probably get this, you may want to check your pharmacy and a half hour.
Adam Vallejos: What did she said she right if you said that she said one yesterday that should be there right
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, it was, I think, only two films, so you didn't. You didn't have to pick it up. You already got some leftover
Adam Vallejos: Well, yeah. Because my, on my insurance. Don't ever let me pick it up until today. So like once every time she ordered it on Tuesdays, a call, but they say my true so pay for it until today. So I was going to call today to because I didn't. I don't have those for today to cook anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen close like
Gwenevere Abriel: If you pick up the wrong order. Listen closely this can really screw you. So listen, if you pick up the one that's only to stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll have to stress. If you do not pick up the order for two strips. Instead, you do the one that's probably going to be ordered today, which is going to get you to Tuesday. Right.
Adam Vallejos: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be the one I would pick up. Do not drive away until you get the right ones that make sense. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, dude. I this is for everyone. I tell everyone counts your medication or make the tech town it right in front of you, because people have left, and they were short
Adam Vallejos: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's on y'all because it doesn't matter whether somebody stolen or lost or wasn't given to you properly. There's nothing we can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so counted. All right, so let me just get this message. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule another our next individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's possible here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll see you for individual on March 25 at 10am ok
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll confirm and grew up on Tuesday. So next time we'll see you 7am march 24 7am for group than 10am march 25 okay